{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21000\viewh14620\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 1. Crash Issue - \
Query- \cf4 \cb5 Please check if crashlytics was integrated into the testing build. To identify the crash I need a crash report. \
I have already integrated the crashlytics in the project (git branch COPLAI-79-JIRA). But any of the mentioned crashes have not reported on firebase yet.\cf2 \cb3 \
\
2. Price- \
Requirement- Tax Rate from API\
Description- From app end we can show the calculated price. For this we need total price and tax rate from response. \
\
3. 
\f1\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spelling Error and Boxes: 8 hours\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Requirement\cf2 \cb3 - Need more information like places where boxes are misleading, spelling errors in app.\
\
4. 
\f2\b\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Payment:\'a0\
\
Curretly payment is integrated on backend side. \
Paypal in iOS app is still pending. I want to aware you with the fact that 
\f3\b0\fs32 \cf8 PayPal Mobile SDKs are Deprecated. The APIs powering them will remain operational long enough for merchants to migrate, but the SDKs themselves will no longer be updated.\

\f2\b\fs26 \cf6 For integrating paypal in iOS app It will take 4-5 days.\

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5. Mila issues are not mentioned so I cant say anything related this point. Please share the issues.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs32 \cf8 \
5. 
\f2\b\fs26 \cf6 Course Page:\'a0\
Already added on Git branch- Jira-71. If In case any of this information is not visible on design It might be unavailability of information on that particular course. For these either delete that course or add missing detail.
\f1\b0 \
}