{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green105\blue30;\red246\green246\blue246;\red22\green21\blue22;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red239\green244\blue249;\red10\green9\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red43\green71\blue20;\red27\green29\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30831\c47797\c15540;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c94902\c96471\c98039;\cssrgb\c3922\c3922\c13725;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84314;
\cssrgb\c21795\c34243\c10019;\cssrgb\c14118\c15294\c16078;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23580\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Describe some design patterns that you commonly use.
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
1. MVC\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs34 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 Model
\f1\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 : The objects that hold your application data and define how to manipulate it. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \shad0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 View
\f1\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 : The objects that are in charge of the visual representation of the Model and the controls the user can interact with; basically, all the 
\f2\fs28 \cb6 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 UIView
\f1\fs34 \cb1 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 -derived objects. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \shad0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 Controller
\f1\b0 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 : The controller is the mediator that coordinates all the work. It accesses the data from the model and displays it with the views, listens to events and manipulates the data as necessary.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
2.
\fs30 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 Singleton Pattern\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf5 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 The Singleton design pattern ensures that only one instance exists for a given class and that there\'92s a global access point to that instance. It usually uses lazy loading to create the single instance when it\'92s needed the first time.\
\
3. MVVM\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 \shad0 MVVM is a structural design pattern. Imagine that you have two views with a different layout that need to be populated with data from the same model class. MVVM allows you to use data from a single model class and represent it in different ways to populate a view.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \shad\shadx0\shady20\shadr20\shado0 \shadc0 \
4. VIPER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf9 \cb8 \shad0 Viper is a design pattern that implements \'91separation of concern\'92 paradigm. Mostly like MVP or MVC it follows a modular approach. One feature, one module. For each module VIPER has five (sometimes four) different classes with distinct roles. No class go beyond its sole purpose. These classes are following.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf9 \cb8 View: 
\f1\b0 Class that has all the code to show the app interface to the user and get their responses. Upon receiving a response View alerts the Presenter.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb8 Presenter: 
\f1\b0 Nucleus of a module. It gets user response from the View and work accordingly. Only class to communicate with all the other components. Calls the router for wire-framing, Interactor to fetch data (network calls or local data calls), view to update the UI.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb8 Interactor: 
\f1\b0 Has the business logics of an app. Primarily make API calls to fetch data from a source. Responsible for making data calls but not necessarily from itself.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb8 Router:
\f1\b0  Does the wire-framing. Listens from the presenter about which screen to present and executes that.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb8 Entity:
\f1\b0  Contains plain model classes used by the interactor.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf10 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Describe the pros and cons of inheritance vs composition.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf11 \outl0\strokewidth0 Inheritance is an 
\f4\i "is-a"
\f3\i0  relationship. Composition is a 
\f4\i "has-a"
\f3\i0 .\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 How do you define good code architecture?
\f3 \cf11 \cb8 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs42 \cf9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fix the Massive-View-Controller issue\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Increase testability\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Improve maintainability\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Scale with team size
\f0\b\fs30 \cf10 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}